first the first bye week is a staggering
this I just enjoyed some time off you
know hung out with my buddies and you
know some my roommates we just kind of
just relaxed and enjoyed some summer
time off but you know I make sure it
takes some time and look at emmaus you
filming and to start getting prepared
what do you see missing since the
numbers maybe they haven't played the
best opponent about numbers really what
specifically signal it's a lot yeah a
lot of fun what what about a sec crisis
you know they're actually they're really
good defense and you know they bring a
lot of edge pressure you know that they
have a tendency to just keep bring a lot
in and you know the coaching staff is
really just kind of made sure we're
prepared for whatever they throw at us
you know they're very aggressive and you
know as long as we kind of just make
sure that we understand that the
pressure the pressure looks that we
should be okay critics always like to
pick out something he's like answers
might like that one of those things I
still for this team you guys haven't
played a true road game that will
finally change this week and
specifically for you
he kind of got a little field what that
was like in Seattle but now going down
into a real lions den I guess I see what
sort of um you know it's just gonna have
to take care of what I gotta you know
what I got to do you know a lot of times
the crowd can can try to influence an
offense especially with just you know
our communication and really I just we
just got to make sure that we over
communicate as an offense make sure that
you know I'm there and I'm a presence
for those guys up front in the guys
around me so you know I just got to make
sure that you know yeah oh my god that
they can look to and just make sure that
you know we just like I said over
community 36 games mp3 I'm sure there
are a lot of things that improve on
everything because take care of the
football may be priority number one in
this game yes it really is and now you
know just in practice and then not even
in some of the small things in practice
you just got to make sure that the ball
is high and tight or you know I'm making
the right decisions and you know I can't
be putting difference in a bad spot and
you know the difference is on a really
good job is just me they've been
covering me for a couple of these games
not but I just got to continue to just
make the right decisions and make sure
that you know these guys and I can kind
of put them in bad spots
pull out tonight control only you guys
take a peek at least a little bit so you
can see where you pop up on the first
one um you know I if it's on and I
change it to it then i'll make sure to
pay attention but your DVR center no i'm
not at all it's just you know it it's
really outside influence season um you
know we just got to take you one day at
a time that's something you're able to
buy and do pretty quickly when you keep
your stuff like that i mean you guys are
so zoned in and focusing on what you're
doing is it i guess is that what stands
out about this group hello grandma is it
was able to do that seemingly so well so
i think it's just the coaches they just
they live it and they make sure that you
know we reflected also and i think you
know they just make sure that it's just
a day at a time and you know I mean
that's easy to say but really it really
is and you know it's all credit to them
and you know I really like this
atmosphere because you know you don't
look too far ahead and you just make
sure you team one moment one day at a
time is that hard to do when you
originally get here because i remember
when i was playing sports in high school
lets concept you pay attention and their
rankings out like that or people talking
about you always want to see what people
are saying about you said is that hard
to adjust to from the beginning oh yeah
i think when we first get you when you
first get here i think you're just kind
of always you know you're looking around
you know now your name is a company with
the in the university of oregon and now
you want to kind of check out what
people are saying but um you know like i
said the coding stuff is a really good
job but just making sure that you know
that it's it's outside influences and
and you know especially the older guys
here they've been through it you know
they just want to make sure that you
know you understand that where your
place is and and that other you know you
can decide as those other things
influence your play you're used to be
we'll see I mean it'll be hot but you
know it's a it's a nice little get away
from this it's starting to get cold over
here so it's a nice little getaway but
it'll be fun you know the atmosphere is
gonna be pretty crazy and you know i'm
looking forward to thank you yes